hello and welcome this is all things
flings for you and I beg long time no
see I'm going to do a review of my
favorite thing I purchased all these
items on my own so I am NOT being
sponsored so you can trust and believe
this review is going to be nothing but
the truth so what we got the honest
truth so let's get right into it first
product I want to talk about is one of
my favorite favorite favorite food
products I was watching a youtuber and I
forget her name I'll try to look her
name up but she had a video cause her
personal her favorite personal hygiene
items a feminine product something like
that not thought to myself the who was
going to tell me about some personal
hygiene okay anyhow she did hit me the
game this first product is called dr.
bronner's magic soap peppermint soap oh
my god you guys I love this you can use
explain your whole body but just like a
youtuber suggested she only used it for
her underarms and you know her nether
regions or front and her behind you get
a slight tingle but you'll get used to
it anyhow I love dr. bronner's soap oh
my god this is peppermint soap he has
like four or five different other since
lavender baby powder mild I don't know
if that's under sentence I haven't tried
the red I was eventually try the rest
but I have been locked and loaded one
bit this is 16 fluid ounces and
you find us at target and you can also
find us at GNC and also dr. bronner's
has his own website so I'll make you
leave the link down in the description
box so this is a 52 announced I need to
comfort another 36 going out and that is
sixteen dollars a 24-6 this was on sale
using 1040 more but instead we're like
eight dollars it's a very extensive you
don't need to use that much like a sexy
use of your whole entire body or you can
just use it for underneath your arms
because it kind of you know pulls out
all that grimy this that hangs out up
underneath there you know then the pull
it all out but it helps it's a start and
you know give you a fresh minty minty
fresh smell keeping up with the doctor
rendre sofa you know I really don't like
washing up with a washing cloth it's
just when you use some more so but
doesn't lather and you know I took on
when people tell me that they just use
their hands to wash your body so anyway
when I use this squeegee here yes this
is used but if you open it up
you put yourself inside
I like this because you can kind of lab
you yourself you put this around your
arm and you have it you know just lather
your body with this you know to me it
works better than a washcloth they sell
these at walmart but that's all cuz they
discontinue this so you guys 3ds if I
sit there by the dollar go ahead and
wrap up on these okay because I'm fresh
out that's why I had the full one for my
shower gross this leads me to my other
products cockatiels this is foaming that
i just purchased this because I've seen
this is how about five dollars off any
that target I use this more baths I take
this with my badness very very good it's
not as strong as the dr bronners
peppermint soap but you know it seems
like it just relaxing it's healthy and
this is eucalyptus spearmint doctor to
make different since so it's credible
like I kind of like to see 06 I would
like to talk about bad breath yes we all
came addressed you know sometimes I'm
self-conscious when I'm talking to
people and when they're a little
close you know sometimes you gotta from
those clothes offers not kind of know
you know that's not because I'm shy is
because I'm surprised that I think I
want anybody to smell my breath stops at
my breath stinks but just in case okay
today soul embarrassing it's such a
turn-on so I found all right I've always
seen this product in the stores but it
was always too expensive so I'll never
purchased it I say at this time with the
help tom alright see you guys heard it
from me this is from the best toothpaste
that I've ever had in my life yes it's
about four dollars and a 36 or something
like that more dollars in 58 cents is
rather expensive for to home page
now this is what it looks like it goes
in a small rather small this time I got
spirit but I love this it comes with
whitening as well why he really doesn't
work as well and the press the white
east ridge crest white strips were very
good anyway so I love this I mean when
you brush your teeth with this I mean
you can come dog and you brush your
teeth with this and your breath will
smell it 50 clean I'm telling you minty
fresh minty clean all right I love this
it's like I don't know what it does it
doesn't burn this is like I believe this
is all natural products and it's a no
animal testing or no animal ingredients
no artificial colors or flavors but this
is basically like a healthy brands it's
a healthy brand of toothpaste socks on
this guy's seen this in time so whatever
what is that this works when I say worth
it works and then I follow it up with
Tom we can fresh not wash oh my god this
you can keep in your mouth I would
suggest if you keep in your mouth down
there for a whole day this doesn't burn
this doesn't grunt like history and
everything like that because it burns
well this domain burns around seems like
it cool
ok it's cool docomo colors or fragrance
know anything this my friends is the
bomb diggity ok nobody's paying me to
say this i sanded ok this right here
going into a piece is also rather
special
next i love i love i love you guys I
love this product damn boo yow you heard
it shea butter I love this is palmer
shade but I mean this I love this I love
the smell I love this smell better than
that baby lotion I mean this is like oh
my god you get off the bathtub or the
shower put this one oh my god you smell
like maybe friends
I think that is
oh I love the way you make sure to smell
I love it you just smell fresh it gets
off the city you smell fresh and clean I
thought the desert kind of fits into
this well but it is well worth these
messages about six dollars i believe
that's harder
what I love this you guys speaking of
these I only take on colorado
but I cook this stuff I kind of tend to
not use it was I want to save it some
reason so special I like you a little
bit but anyway you guys this makes your
body feel so soft and the smell oh my
god you smell like a baby a newborn baby
i love this stuff so you guys that's my
time take it from me I'm not gonna tell
you no lie those products i love please
go out and purchase on and leave me a
comment as to how you like those
products or if you already are using
those products tell me how you like the
products again i'm not sponsored i
bought all these products on my own I
love love love these products